compared apparent fish nearly a metre
and a half in length their jaws are so
powerful they can bite through rock when
they descend to feed the reef itself is
under threat
they are indiscriminate feeders taking
both rock and coral alike in their quest
for algae these fish play a large part
in the erosion of the reef the rock and
coral they swallow emerges later as a
fine sand on a single reef they can
produce tons of it every year
this soft sand forms the tropical
beaches that we find so alluring over
time the sand builds up the form an
island which is then colonized by
animals and plants
trees take root birds arrive
the guano from thousands of terms which
have chosen to nest here enriches the
sandy soil which then can support more
plants